Adds instructions how to use tykky in the jupter app (#1564)
CSCfi/csc-user-guide: docs/computing/webinterface/jupyter.md

You can also use it to load different versions of the modules provided by the form.
If the *Custom Python module* field is left blank, the system Python will be used. Note that this requires using virtual environments.

### Tykky installations

> To use a Tykky installations throught the Jupyter app, select the option `Custom path` from the Python menu. 
> Then just enter the full path to the python interpreter for your installation. So if you created an installation with the command
> `conda-containerize new --prefix=/scratch/proj/myInst env.yml` then the path to enter would be `/scratch/proj/myInst/bin/python`.
> ![Custom path selected in the menu](/img/tykky_selection_jupyter.png)

Reviewer: ```suggestion

To use a Tykky installation with Jupyter, first [include Jupyter packages in your Tykky installation](../containers/tykky.md#using-jupyter-with-a-tykky-installation). Then open Puhti web interface and Jupyter app page. There select the option `Custom path` from the Python menu. 
Then enter the full path to the python interpreter of your Tykky installation. So if you created an installation with the command
`conda-containerize new --prefix=/scratch/proj/myInst env.yml` then the path to enter would be `/scratch/proj/myInst/bin/python`.
![Custom path selected in the menu](/img/tykky_selection_jupyter.png)
```
